Publish websockets article (#44)
swift-on-server/site: Sources/site/Documentation.docc/2024/websockets-tutorial-using-swift-and-hummingbird/websockets-tutorial-using-swift-and-hummingbird.md

3. The task listens for incoming messages, processing text messages to broadcast to all connections.
4. Each received text message is broadcast to all outbound connections by calling `send`.
5. Upon connection termination, the connection is removed, a "left" message is broadcast, and the outbound stream is finished.

Make sure the [custom working directory](https://theswiftdev.com/custom-working-directory-in-xcode/) is set to the root folder before starting the app. Client communication with the WebSocket server can be established using the `ws://localhost:8080/chat` endpoint.

Execute the app and open a web browser to navigate to the [WebSocket Tester Tool](https://websocketman.com/) website. To initiate a chat connection, input the following URL into the designated field:

```
ws://localhost:8080/chat?username=Tib
```

The `username` parameter can be modified as needed. Press the _Connect_ button to add a new user to the chat room. Upon connection, messages can be sent as the user by entering a custom message and clicking the _Send Message_ button. Multiple windows of the WebSocket Tester Tool can be opened to add additional users. 

## Conclusion

> This article demonstrated how to use WebSockets with the Hummingbird framework to build a real-time chat application in Swift. For a similar guide on the Vapor web framework, check out [this article](https://theswiftdev.com/websockets-for-beginners-using-vapor-4-and-vanilla-javascript/). Hummingbird 2 leverages modern Swift concurrency features for handling WebSocket connections, offering a significant advantage over other frameworks. For more information on Swift concurrency, feel free to explore our additional articles about [structured concurrency](https://swiftonserver.com/getting-started-with-structured-concurrency-in-swift/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article demonstrated how to use WebSockets with the Hummingbird framework to build a real-time chat application in Swift. For a similar guide on the Vapor web framework, check out [this article](https://theswiftdev.com/websockets-for-beginners-using-vapor-4-and-vanilla-javascript/). Hummingbird 2 leverages modern Swift concurrency features for handling WebSocket connections, offering a significant advantage over other frameworks. For more information on Swift concurrency, dive into our additional articles about [structured concurrency](https://swiftonserver.com/getting-started-with-structured-concurrency-in-swift/).
```
